nav: clean up Studio nav + misc. updates (#3621)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/studio/user-guide/billing-and-payment.md

When you sign up, you're on the Free plan by default. Plans are managed at the
team level. You can

> [change the plan](/doc/studio/change-team-plan-or-size#change-the-plan-your-team-is-on)
> in a team's settings page. Each team is on its own plan and needs to be managed
> separately.

Author: Fixing a broken link
```suggestion
[change the plan] in a team's settings page. Each team is on its own plan and
needs to be managed separately.

[change the plan]:
  /doc/studio/user-guide/change-team-plan-and-size#change-the-plan-your-team-is-on
```
